<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
	<h:form>
		<p:messages id="messages" showDetail="true" autoUpdate="true"
			closable="true" />
		<p:button value="Spontaneous Candidature"
			outcome="/pages/public/SpontaneousCandidature.xhtml"
			style="float:right" />

		<h1 id="titleCareers">Our Vacancies</h1>

		<p:dataTable id="vacanPublic" value="#{vacanciesBean.vacancies}"
			var="vac" rendered="true" resizableColumns="true">
			<f:facet name="header">SSA - Software and Security Product Assurance</f:facet>

			<p:column style="text-align:left">
				<p:outputLabel value="fnvejsvbjfnvbjsdnbla" />
			</p:column>
			<p:column style="text-align:right">
				<p:outputLabel value="lisbon" />
			</p:column>
			<p:column style="text-align:center;width:100px">
				<p:commandButton value="Details" icon="ui-icon-search"
					onclick="PF('vacDialog').show();return false;">
					<f:setPropertyActionListener value="#{vac}"
						target="#{vacanciesBean.onVacSelect}" />
				</p:commandButton>
			</p:column>
		</p:dataTable>
		<p:dataTable id="vacanPublic2" value="#{vacanciesBean.vacancies}"
			var="vac" rendered="true" resizableColumns="true">
			<f:facet name="header">.Net Development</f:facet>

			<p:column style="text-align:left">
				<p:outputLabel value="aaaa" />
			</p:column>
			<p:column style="text-align:right">
				<p:outputLabel value="lisbon" />
			</p:column>
			<p:column style="text-align:right;max-width:20px">
				<p:commandButton value="Details" icon="ui-icon-search"
					onclick="PF('vacDialog').show();return false;">
					<f:setPropertyActionListener value="#{vac}"
						target="#{vacanciesBean.onVacSelect}" />
				</p:commandButton>
			</p:column>
		</p:dataTable>


		<p:dialog header="Vacancie Details" widgetVar="vacDialog" modal="true"
			width="900" height="500" resizable="false" closeOnEscape="true"
			position="center" style="padding:10px;">
			<p:outputPanel id="vacDialog" style="padding-left:15px">

				<h3>#{vacanciesBean.title}</h3>
				<p:panelGrid columns="2" columnClasses="label, value">
					<p:outputLabel value="Location" />
					<p:outputLabel value="#{vacanciesBean.location}" />
					<p:outputLabel value="Vacancie id" />
					<p:outputLabel value="4563" />
					<p:outputLabel value="#vacancies" />
					<p:outputLabel value="#{vacanciesBean.numb}" />
				</p:panelGrid>
				<div style="text-align: justify; margin-top: 20px">
					<h5>Details</h5>

					<p>Working for us is like nothing on earth. Every day, our
						teams across the globe challenge the limits of human achievement,
						engineering solutions for our planet and beyond. Our
						astronomically talented engineers build rock-solid software for
						leading industries’ most critical applications. Now, we’re looking
						for talented Technical Managers for Embedded Systems to join our
						Systems and Software Engineering team in breaching the frontiers
						of space, aerospace and defence. Across international projects,
						you’ll be working on some of the most critical software
						applications developing today, as part of a global team with more
						than 15 years’ experience working with embedded software and
						systems. Sound like you? Then it’s time to challenge your limits.
						It’s time to give your career the rocket boost it deserves. It’s
						time you joined CRITICAL Software!</p>
					<p>KEY RESPONSIBILITIES</p>
					<p>Undertaking software development for embedded systems
						Performing Verification &amp; Validation testing of embedded
						systems Leading a team through your technical expertise (task
						allocation, status reporting, and people management)</p>
					<p>REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE</p>
					<p>More than 7 years’ experience working in software
						development and embedded systems engineering Deep knowledge of
						different Operating Systems, particularly the concepts of
						real-time and embedded systems, computer architectures and
						programming languages (C/C++, Ada95) Full-lifecycle software
						development experience, from initial requirements elicitation to
						design, coding, testing, documentation, implementation,
						integration and training Teamwork and technical project management
						experience Strong leadership, problem-solving and communication
						skills Proficiency in English Good organisational skills
						Availability to travel, mainly Europe (United Kingdom, Germany,
						France)</p>
					<p>DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE</p>
					<p>Knowledge of embedded software development in
						microcontrollers Knowledge of safety-critical standards (for
						example, ECSS, DO-178B/C, ISO 26262, IEC 61508) Knowledge of
						system development using model-based development techniques and
						tools (for example, SCADE and MATLAB)</p>

				</div>
				<div style="text-align: center">
					<p:button value="Send to a friend" />
					<p:button value="Close"
						onclick="PF('vacDialog').hide();return false;" />
					<p:button value="Apply"
						onclick="PF('changePass').hide();return false;" />
				</div>
			</p:outputPanel>

		</p:dialog>


	</h:form>
</ui:composition>
